Now, in order to continue
with a real database that we can use in this example,
I quickly create a new MongoDB database
by visiting mongodb.com
and using their cloud database offering,
which is called Atlas.
You can get started with that for free,
but of course, you can also just follow along
by watching the videos.
But you can get started for free
by creating an account here.
And once the account was created,
if it's a brand new account, you can create a new database.
And again, this will be a database hosted by MongoDB
in a cloud environment provided by them.
And you can get started for free
with such a shared database.
And I'll just keep all these free options here
to make sure that I'm not paying for it.
So therefore, I'll keep all the defaults
to get started for free.
And as mentioned, you don't have to follow along,
but here I will now also create a user,
username Maximilian,
and then a password, which I autogenerate,
and which I will also copy.
And that value combined with the username
is already the first value I wanna store here.
So the password and the username.
And I will say right away that storing credentials
like this in the Workflow file is not ideal
and we'll dive into a better solution in the next lectures.
But for the moment, I'll just add
that dummy data off that dummy database here.
And with that, we can also finish
this database creation here by creating that user
and adding my current IP address and finishing this.
And now with that created,
I can click this connect button here
and connect your application to get this address here
off the database.
This part here.
And that's what I'll enter here as MongoDB cluster address.
With that, I am providing all these environment
variable values and data for later
when my application runs in this environment,
so on a runner hosted by GitHub Actions.
These values will be provided to the application,
so they will be available here
and they will be used in that running application
to successfully connect to the database.
Now, for that, I just also must add it something here
and go to network access
and actually add another IP address
and allow access from anywhere
so that my application running on a GitHub Actions runner
is able to connect to this database.
But with that, I got this database created,
or at least soon it will be created,
and I got these values for these environment variables
provided here as part of my Workflow file.
There is just one last environment variable missing,
and that's the port environment variable,
which is used in app.js
and in this playwright.config file.
And then of course, also must be provided
so that the web server is spun up successfully
and lists is on the right port.
And we can also do this on Workflow level
or Job level if we have different jobs
that should be using different ports,
and I'll do the latter here
and provide this port environment variable on Job level
and set this to a value like 8080 or 3000,
whatever you want.